Please act as a professional verification engineer.

Verilog design of FSM (DUT) 
On every change in the input signal (IN) or positive edge of CLK or RST, if RST is active, the output signal MATCH is set to 0.
If the sequence of inputs IN is 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, the MATCH signal is 1 at the same time as the last occurrence of IN=1. If the sequence of inputs IN is 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, the MATCH signal becomes 1 at the fifth and ninth of IN; otherwise, it is set to 0.

Module name:  
    fsm               
Input ports:
    IN: Input signal to the FSM.
    CLK: Clock signal used for synchronous operation.
    RST: Reset signal to initialize the FSM.
Output ports:
    MATCH: Output signal indicating a match condition based on the FSM state.

fsm_if() Interface is defined.

Instance of the interface, and the virtual interface is set in the TOP module which wraps the DUT.

Utilize the existing top module and interface to handle signal interactions.

Required:
Transaction class - Write a UVM sequence item to represent a transaction. All inputs should be randomized, outputs are just bits. Write macros for all i/O.
Sequence class - Write a UVM sequence that randomizes inputs, generates multiple transactions in a loop for high functional coverage.
Sequencer class
Driver classs - Write a UVM driver that takes transactions from the sequencer, assign values to inputs through the virtual interface. Use anlysis port to send transaction to scoreboard.
Monitor class - Write a UVM monitor that connects to the virtual interface. The monitor should sample the values of I/O during each transaction, package them into a UVM transaction object, and forward the data to an analysis port for scoreboard verification.
Agent class - write a UVM agent. it should include a sequencer, driver, monitor and the virtual interface. 
Scoreboard class - Write a UVM scoreboard that should receive transactions from the monitor through an analysis port, compute the expected result, and compare it to the output from the interface. Report mismatches.
Environment class - Write a UVM environment class that includes the agent and the scoreboard. Connect the monitor to the environment. Connect the environment to the scoreboard.
Test class - Write a UVM test class, declare environment and sequence, 
            build_phase - instantiate environment and sequence
            run_phase - phase.raise_objection, start_sequencer, phase.drop_objection

Make sure the connections between the sequencer, driver, monitor, and scoreboard are correctly established.

Give me the complete code.